Team Info

Question:
1. What is your name?
2. Where are you from?
3. What do you like?
4. Why did you join SoftUni?

Team Members:

1. Radostina Cvetkova (me)
2. Born in Plovdiv, lived in Popovo, in Veliko Tyrnovo and currently in Sofia.
3. Likes translating, reading, dancing, and as of recently - coding.
4. Picked the Software University, because of its quality courses, relevant to the current business needs in BG.

1. Aleksandur Gyuzelov
2. Burgas
3. Playing with his son (for the rest I do not have time)
4. Because there are no other places to learn this craft!

1. Boyko Katranchev
2. Born in Sofia
3. Cinema
4. Because he wants to work in software industry and SoftUni is the top place in Bulgaria.

1. Gergana Hristova.
2. Born in Shumen.
3. Spends free time with friends. Practices different kinds of sport like volleyball, running, swimming, but
also dancing and hiking.
4. Chose SoftUni, because it will bring her one step closer to becoming a software engineer. Also SoftUni distinguishes from the other universities 
by providing more practical experience and quality education.

1. Martin Todorov
2. Born in Veliko Turnovo, beautiful city worth visiting.
3. Interested in all kind of things/activities as long as it provides him joy of doing them.
4. Chose SoftUni because he believes that they are the current Top programming university, with meanings to help anyone who wants to develop in that path. 
 
1. Radina Dineva
2. Sofia, Bulgaria
3. Alternative music and sci-fi 
4. Tech is the future and i wanna be a part of it

1. Svetla Yordanova
2. Null
3. Reading adventures and fantasy.
4. Because of her desire to work in the industry.

1. Svetoslav Mishev
2. Born in Lovech
3. In spare time plays football and cycling
4. Interested in software technologies and picked SoftUni because
there are top ranked courses and modules in convinient time for every student.


1. Velizar Velikov.
2. Born in Rousse, living in Sofia for the last 10 years.
3. Modelling different subjects in 72 scale. Also likes salsa and bachata.
4. Chose SoftUni, because programming will be one of the professions wich will not become obsolete in the next 30 years because of 
more and more automation, computerization and cybernation in economics.

1. Zhelyan Radoev
2. Varna
3. Cycling, Coding, Gaming
4. Likes the way SoftUni courses are designed. They're always concentrated on solving a lot of interesting problems.